Debiut Tomczaka w SLAM (#2159)
tpwres/teczki-polskiego-wrestlingu: content/w/tomczak.md

Initially working security detail, he made his first in-ring appearance as [Chemik's](@/w/chemik.md) unnamed bodyguard at [Pyrkon 2023](@/e/kpw/2023-06-17-kpw-pyrkon-2023.md), but it wasn't until [Arena 27](@/e/kpw/2025-01-24-kpw-arena-27.md) in January 2025 that he made his proper debut as a monster heel persona, where he focused on working mostly multi-men matches, as well as squashing KPW's rookies. 

## International wrestling appearances 

> In November 2025 Finnish federation SLAM Wresltling Entertaiment [announced][suomi] Tomczak would debut in Finland later that month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In November 2025 Finnish federation SLAM Wrestling Entertainment [announced][suomi] Tomczak would debut in Finland later that month.
```
